Alice is successfully added to the application.
HRDepartment is not available.
ITDepartment is successfully created.
HRDepartment is successfully created.
FinanceDepartment is successfully created.
ITDepartment is already created.
MarketingDepartment is not a valid department type.
Alice is already added to the application.
Bob is successfully added to the application.
Pilot is not a valid employee type.
Alice is already added to the application.
Security ID 123 is already taken.
David is successfully added to the application.
Emma is successfully added to the application.
Frank is successfully added to the application.
Grace is successfully added to the application.
Henry is successfully added to the application.
Irene is successfully added to the application.
Zoe is not added to the application.
MarketingDepartment is not a valid department type.
ITSpecialist cannot be added to FinanceDepartment.
ITSpecialist cannot be added to HRDepartment.
GeneralEmployee cannot be added to ITDepartment.
GeneralEmployee is successfully assigned to HRDepartment.
ITSpecialist is successfully assigned to ITDepartment.
GeneralEmployee is successfully assigned to FinanceDepartment.
GeneralEmployee is successfully assigned to HRDepartment.
Charlie is not added to the application.
ITSpecialist is successfully assigned to ITDepartment.
ITSpecialist is successfully assigned to ITDepartment.
ITSpecialist is successfully assigned to ITDepartment.
Bob is already added to department.
Irene is already added to department.
Emma is already added to department.
Grace is already added to department.
Bob is already added to department.
Alpha is successfully created.
Bravo is successfully created.
Charlie is successfully created.
Delta is successfully created.
Echo is successfully created.
Foxtrot is successfully created.
Hotel is successfully created.
Alpha is already created.
UnknownZone is not found.
Zoe is not added to the application.
Frank is authorized to access Delta.
Alice is denied access to Echo.
Alice is denied access to Echo.
Alice is authorized to access Alpha.
Bob is authorized to access Bravo.
Emma is authorized to access Charlie.
Grace is authorized to access Delta.
Irene is authorized to access Echo.
Emma is denied access to Foxtrot.
Grace is denied access to Foxtrot.
Irene is denied access to Foxtrot.
Bob is denied access to Foxtrot.
Security Report:
-Foxtrot (Access level required: 6)
-Echo (Access level required: 5)
--Employee: Irene, Department: ITDepartment, Security ID: 110
-Delta (Access level required: 4)
--Employee: Frank, Department: FinanceDepartment, Security ID: 107
--Employee: Grace, Department: ITDepartment, Security ID: 108
-Charlie (Access level required: 3)
--Employee: Emma, Department: ITDepartment, Security ID: 106
-Bravo (Access level required: 2)
--Employee: Bob, Department: ITDepartment, Security ID: 234
-Alpha (Access level required: 1)
--Employee: Alice, Department: HRDepartment, Security ID: 123
-Hotel (Access level required: 0)
